Looks like its important to handle server errors

Better to use server side rendering - good chance to use new react 19 features, server actions?? server components?? --- Used Nextjs for SSR . Server actions are good 👍

could use shadcn components to build quicker ---- Used shadcn/radix for comnponents. Very cool component distribution system

might be good to cache images if apis fail consistently ---- Cached the main pages and prefetched the important stuff, Also optimized images

!!! REVIEW NEXT DOCS TO SEE WHATS NEW FROM LAST TIME USED

final list of features:
After looking more into the apis, it seems more like an app a dealer would use to manage their inventory so kept some ideas but had to scrap the two view ideas
1. Inventory - card/table view to view list of vehicles, added filtering and pagination. 
2. Add vehicle form - re used this for edit as well by just passing the vehicle info to the same one
3. Sales - a table view to track list of sales, added button to delet sales
4. Users - Track list of users, added button to update roles
5. Admin - page to update admin stuff.

added role based access to app
1. sales-rep has access to inventory
2. manager has access to inventory and sales
3. principal has accesss to inventory, sales and admin
4. admin has access to everything

added fallbackpages for most components and gracefully handled errors.

estimates:
about 2-3 hours to build screens? a little more for optimizing stuff?
---- was too optimistic with this, next changed a lot, lots of good stuff 👍

total time taken: 5hr 40min

Using shadcn components was good, and i love the idea because I was able to customise the table by passing in filters to it so i could easily make it reusable
caching is good for this usecase but very annoying to deal with, caching is next is inconsisent to deal with, for ex: if i confirm a sale on a vehicle, i am revalidating cache for /inventory because the card should be updated but since the VehicleCard component is a client component, it wont update as it only reloading the server components, took me a bit to deal with this by passing a callback function from this component to the server action.

